docs: add pull request template (#1602)
keptn/keptn.github.io: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

<!--Type in all the issues that have been fixed through this pull request ex : #1 -->

## Fixes Issue

Fixes #XXXX <!-- replace with the issue number that is fixed in this PR -->

<!-- Write down all the changes made-->

> ## Changes proposed
> 
> Here comes all the changes proposed through this PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proposed changes
```

<!--Type in all the issues that have been fixed through this pull request ex : #1 -->

## Fixes Issue

> This PR fixes the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes #XXXX <!-- replace with the issue number that is fixed in this PR -->
```

> 
> #example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<!-- Write down all the changes made-->
## Changes proposed

> Here comes all the changes proposed through this PR
> 
> <!-- Check all the boxes which are applicable to check the box correct follow the following conventions-->
> <!--
> [x] - Correct
> [X] - Correct
> -->

Reviewer: I don't think we need checkboxes for this necessarily
```suggestion
- change one
- change two
- ...
```

> ## Check List (Check all the boxes which are applicable) <!--Follow the above conventions to check the box-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check List (Check all the boxes that are applicable)
```

- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation.

> - [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.

Reviewer: This repo is the documentation. I don't think we need this here.

- [ ] All new and existing tests passed.
- [ ] This PR does not contain plagiarized content.

> - [ ] The title of my pull request is a short description of the requested changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The title of my pull request is a short description of the requested changes.
- [ ] The PR title follows semantic commit conventions.
```

<!--Add screen shots of the changed output-->
## Screenshots 

> Add all the screenshots which support your changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Fixes Issue

Fixes #XXXX <!-- replace with the issue number that is fixed in this PR -->

> #example

Reviewer: pls remove this line

Here comes all the changes proposed through this PR

- change one
- change two
- ...

> ## Check List (Check all the boxes that are applicable)

Reviewer: i didn't mean that you need to remove the whole list here. just the lines i mentioned :)

Author: Got it, I'll remove the lines you mentioned and leave the rest of the list as is. Thanks for the heads up!
